<h1 align="center">User Registration API with Conversion Ranking System</h1>

This project is an API developed in Node.js with TypeScript, using the Fastify framework. It allows user registration and generates a unique sharing link for each user. The API tracks clicks on these links and calculates how many new registrations were generated from them. Additionally, there is a ranking system that displays the top three users with the most conversions.

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Node.js + TypeScript**: Execution environment and primary language.
- **Fastify**: A fast and efficient framework for building APIs.
- **Drizzle ORM**: Integration with PostgreSQL for database management.
- **Redis**: Storage for clicks and ranking.
- **Zod**: Data validation.
- **Swagger**: API documentation.
- **Docker + Docker Compose**: Management of PostgreSQL and Redis services.
  
## 🚀 Installation and Execution

To run the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/wmsalves/nlw-connect/
   cd nlw-connect
3. Install dependencies using npm:

   ```bash
   npm install
4. Start the PostgreSQL and Redis services using Docker Compose:

   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
5. Start the project in development mode:

   ```bash
   npm run dev

## 🛣️ API Endpoints

### Register New User
- **POST** `/subscribers`
  - Registers a new user in the system.

### Share Link and Actions
- **GET** `/invites/:subscriberId`
  - Generates a unique sharing link for a user.

### Custom Rankings
- **GET** `/subscribers/:subscriberId/ranking/clicks`
  - Displays the number of clicks on the generated link for the user.

- **GET** `/subscribers/:subscriberId/ranking/count`
  - Displays the number of registrations converted from the user's link.

- **GET** `/subscribers/:subscriberId/ranking/position`
  - Shows the user's position in the overall ranking.

### Global Ranking
- **GET** `/ranking`
  - Returns the top three users with the most conversions.

## 📚 API Guide

The API has documentation automatically generated by **Swagger**. To view it, start the API and navigate to:

[http://localhost:3330/docs](http://localhost:3330/docs)

The sections available in the documentation are:

- **User**
- **Referral Link**
- **Referral Data**
- **Ranking Positions**


